This scent is from last night's girl
That's him!
I will be responsible for you.
Excuse me.
I asked you to pour tea for the guests
What are you hooking up with now?
Get back in the kitchen
Sorry, sir.
This servant has always been of bad character
I will definitely discipline and stop when I look back
Am I that scary?
The first time I saw my hands shaking like this
I have never seen such a distinguished guest
A little nervous
It is indeed the same cherry blossom carrying gun as last night.
Turn around.
Is Brother Cao going to be discovered by him?
Did I kiss in place of my mother last night?
Turn around.
Is the little brother going to be discovered by him?
Did I kiss in place of my mother last night?
You are finally here on the way. Well, I am today.